When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When we are going to put our work on github we need to remote repository using 'git remote add <repo name on github> <url of github page>'. Then use 'git push <repo name> <master>' to push it to github.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
We are not sure at a time that we want to make our work public or do we need to do some edits before we make it public on github. So there is a option to push it manually.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
You can make copies of other repositories directly from their github account to your github account using a github feature called fork. When you click on it you will get a copy of that repository in your github account. You can then use the clone feature to get it to your local machine. I don't think branches are related to clone or fork in any way. One more thing when you fork a repo git automatically created a remote for you namely 'origin', so you can directly push your changes to github using 'git push origin master'.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
It will help us to know that how many commits are we ahead of the remote repository and then we can push them when we need to make them public. So if there is one more contributor in our project who contributed to our repo at github we can fetch his work and compare it with ours and later merge them together if required.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
If there were no git or github, I would have collaborated via mails or other connecting stuff. Its very good that we ahve git or github so that now we can easily see each other work.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
When we want to experiment on some stuff but we do not to want to disturb our master branch, we can create a separate branch and do experiments there and later merge with our master branch if we need.